Special-case `object` alias `_typeshed.Unused` (#320)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: CHANGELOG.md

Other changes:
* Hatchling is now used as the build backend. This should have minimal, if any,
  user-facing impact.

> * Special-case support for `_typeshed.Unused` as a `builtins.object` alias.
>   Contributed by [Avasam](https://github.com/Avasam)

Reviewer: This doesn't describe the user-visible impact very well; how about this?

```suggestion
* Modify Y036 so that `_typeshed.Unused` is allowed as an annotation for
  parameters in `__(a)exit__` methods. Contributed by
  [Avasam](https://github.com/Avasam)
```
